How to use GUI:

- To load an image, you can either press the load button or navigate to the save/load menu bar
  at the top. Then you simply navigate to and select your image to load it in (must be type jpg,
  png or ppm). The first image you load in will automatically be set as the current image.

- To run filter or color operations on the current image, you can either use the combobox and
  select an operation from blur, sharpen, sepia or greyscale and press the run button.
  Or, you can navigate to the operation bar at the top, from there you can access all the
  operations including downscale and mosaic, which are not available in the combobox.

  FYI running mosaic will take a bit of time to load.

- To run setting operations on the image, you can also use the setting menu bar, which is
  reccomended and only layers that are able to be altered will only show up. For example, if there
  are two layers named "one" and "two" and both layers are visible, they will both show up as
  options on the popup for setting layers to invisible, and if you set "one" to invisible, only
  "one" will show up as an option for setting a layer to visible and only "two" will show up for
  setting a layer to invisible.
  You can also use the buttons at the bottom named remove layer, set as current, set to invisible
  or set to visible, but you must first select a layer from the combobox right next to it.

  It is reccomended to use the menu bar at the top for setting operations so users are able
  to see the state of the layers.

- To save a single image (the topmost visible), you can either press the save single file button
  or use the save/load menu bar, and simply navigate to the folder you would like to save to
  and input the name of the file plus the file type (jpg, png, ppm)

- To save a multi-layered image, you can either press the save multiple files button or use the
  save/load menu bar and simple navigate to where you would like to create the folder to save all
  the images to, then input then name of the "folder.fileType" which will create a folder and save
  all the images as the given filetype.